docs: Add GitHub Integration docs for self-hosted (#4160)
Flagsmith/flagsmith: docs/docs/integrations/project-management/github.md

6. Select the Flagsmith Project you want to associate with the repository where the app was installed to create the
   Integration.

## Integration Setup (Self-Hosted)

### Creating and Configuring your GitHub App

You can create your own GitHub App by following these
[steps from GitHub Docs](https://docs.github.com/en/apps/creating-github-apps/registering-a-github-app/registering-a-github-app).

In the Permissions and Events section, configure the following permissions and events:

**Repository permissions**

- **Issues:** Read and write.
- **Metadata:** Read only (Mandatory)
- **Pull requests:** Read and write.

**Subscribe to events**

- **Pull Request**
- **Issues**

In the Post Installation section, you need to add the Setup URL and check the option 'Redirect on update':

> **The setup URL:** Is your Flagsmith dashboard's base URL foolowed by `login?github-redirect=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The setup URL:** This is the base URL of your Flagsmith dashboard, followed by `login?github-redirect=true`.
```

Author: Updated

E.g. `https://flagsmith.example.com/login?github-redirect=true`

In the Webhook section, you need to check the 'active' option and add the webhook URL:

> **The webhook URL:** Is your API base URL followed by `github-webhook/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The webhook URL:** This is the base URL of your Flagsmith API, followed by `github-webhook/`.
```
